You really put gold on your face
Chu Fan, don't think you have reported to President Wang's minister
You can get through it again
This performance is not under the jurisdiction of Crescent Company
Everything is paid by Mr. Chen
Didn't he resign?
Mr. Chen is in this industry
One of the best producers of gold
I teamed up with Xingyue Media before
Only today is the star and moon
Now Mr. Chen has left
Naturally, he went back to his own company.
So what?
Can he cover the sky with one hand?
This is my talent surnamed Chen.
Isn't that enough to control everything?
Arrange
Let the other two judges choose another contestant
Mr. Chu sings alone
Then don't bother Mr. Chen to arrange it.
I can be alone, but you can be alone.
This competition
It is the contestants who take advantage of the judges' singing status
Come for yourself
To put it bluntly, which judge has the most fans?
Help the contestant take 50 billion video
You can't beat us